Documentation for rekeying the vault (#3599)
pulibrary/princeton_ansible: README.md

source princeton_ansible_env.sh
```

### Rekeying the vault

> 1. Move the current ansible vault password to the old_vault_password in lastpass

Author: ```suggestion
1. Open the `old_vault_password` server in lastpass.  Replace the old vault password with the current ansible vault password.  Add a note to include today's date.
```
